1.
Pi represents a probability function.
In full the mathematical meaning is the probability of event A occurring given that event B has taken place already.

2.
Classical, Frequentist, Subjective, Axiomatic Probability.

3.
The Bayesian (Subjectevist) School is the degree of belief.

4. 
The Frequentist School is the Relative frequency of occurrence.

5.
Subjective probability allows for assigning probabilities to abstract or one time events, such as the existence of God, as it is based on belief rather than repeatable experiments.

6.
No, Bayesian interference uses prior probabilities and updates beliefs based on evidence. Frequentist inference relies purely on observed data and does not incorporate prior info.

7.
Bayesian from what i know does allow the inclusion of expert knowledge through prior distributions, which allows for integration of pre existing beliefs or data to be used in the analysis.

8.
The Bayesian Probability is popular amongst the physicists and engineers. (the flexibility in modeling one time or non replicable events.)
Frequentist Probability is popular among social scientist and biologists. (repeatable experiments and large sample sizes.)

9.
The first modern definition of probability came all the way from the 17th century, Blaise Pascal and Pierre de Fermat are the ones responsible. It was called the Classical probability framework.

10.
Aleatory and Epistemic Uncertainty.

11.
I would be uncertain, this would be epistemic uncertainty.

12. 
Position, Size, Shape, Color, Line width, Line type

13.
Positional, Non Positional Aesthetics

14.
Factors are the caategorial variable in stats, while Levels are considered to be the categories within a factor.

15.
Numerical Data (height of a person)
Cateorical Data (apple, banana, orange)

16.
The common name for variables holding data are Data frame columns / Variables.

17.
Examples of Ordered and Unordered Data are:
Ordered (The quality of something eg.. Good, Fair, Poor.)
Unordered (Animal names, colors)

18.
Qualitative (Survey responses)

Diverging (data like profit vs. loss)

Categorical (Used to distinguish distinct categories, like fruits)

Sequential (temperature)

19. 
3D Figures in general are labeled as "bad" due to the perspective which makes the plot difficult to read. Hence Scientists don't recommend the utilization of 3D plots.

20.
A dataset with the years (2000,2001,2002)
Numerical (time interval based analysis)
Categorical (if treated as distinct groups)

21.
Color is both Ordered/Unordered.
unordered when used to separate and identify groups.
ordered when used in gradients which involve magnitude.

22.
All three coordinate systems are valid, but the thing that matters most is the choice which depends on the context and the nature of the data.

23.
The bottom palette is more suited for humans.

24.
San diego has the least variation
Chicago has the wildest variation
Death Valley has the farthest distance from the center
San Diego's line is closest to the center in July.

25.
a) Categorical
b) Sequential
c) Diverging
d) Qualitative

26.
Polar coordinates are best for visualizing periodic and cyclical data.

27.
Its a categorical color scale.

28.
the label saying ugly. it has rotated x axis labels. theres an empty space on the right. poor color choice. no context or even a title. the visual elements are misaligned.

29.
A) Observing the trend onwards from 1900s, the Earth's temperature anomaly has been steadily increasing. This likely suggests that the Earth's temperature is likely to continue increasing in the following decades due to ongoing factors such as greenhouse gas emissions and climate change.

B) around the year 2000, the temperature raised about 1C above the 1951-1980 average. thetemperature will only increase in 2050 about another 0.5C
